Document audience-based token format (#14516)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/app-dev/authorization.rst

as would be required for the custom Daml claims tokens.

User access tokens are `JWTs <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519>`_ that follow the
`OAuth 2.0 standard <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749>`_. There are two
different JSON encodings: An audience-based token format that relies

> on the audience field to designate that it is defined for a specific

Author: ```suggestion
on the audience field to specify that it is designated for a specific
```

> different JSON encodings: An audience-based token format that relies
> on the audience field to designate that it is designed for a specific
> Daml participant and a scope-based audience format which relies on the
> scope field to designate. Both formats can be used interchangeably but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different JSON encodings: An audience-based token format that relies
on the audience field to designate that it is defined for a specific
Daml participant and a scope-based audience token format which relies on the
scope field to designate the purpose. Both formats can be used interchangeably but
```

I found this sentence difficult to understand so I tried to rephrase it... not sure mine reads better, but somehow I call for rephrasing ;)

if possible, use of the audience-based token format is recommend as it

> is compatible with a wider range of IAMs, e.g., Kubernetes does not

Reviewer: Is it really Kubernetes problem or more like service mesh products like Istio, traefik, etc?

Author: It is k8s, k8s can issue tokens itself but doesn’t let you set `scope`.
